so one of the things we started using
and we do for our customers because it
can be a bit monotonous just thinking oh
we've got these
so these are our i know 10 our 20 search
terms we've agreed on that we want to
rank for
um and now we've got oh we've got to
create content again it's that time of
the month we've got
a couple blogs articles we've got to do
these infographics so
one way to that works quite well to get
content is
if you if you're an entrepreneur and you
run your business you'll know this or if
you've got a sales force
speak to them and the best thing to do
is say get the the common questions the
common problems that your customers come
to you with each week
so there and your sales team will know
this straight away or if you run the
business you'll know this straight away
so
in my case for example people are often
asking things like
how long does it take to get a website
page one of google um
or should i choose a template or a
custom design website
or how long does it take to launch a
website so think in your industry
specifically
when you're on the phone when you're
speaking to sales leads or when you're
doing cold calls what are the
common questions you get week in week
out because we've all got them
and we're all thinking yeah damn they've
asked that question again i wish i had a
resource that i could point them to
um so start with those because there'll
be quite a few that your sales team will
that you'll know already
um and if you can weave those in and
include some of your target search terms
and some of these content
you can start making a big list of all
these common questions that you get week
in week out
and then start creating a bunch of
content from it so one of the best
strategies you can do danny is
firstly create a long form piece of
content
so that might be a video or a podcast
interview like we're doing now
or some kind of long-form zoom interview
whatever it may be
and then from there you can break that
down into a bunch of um
kind of smaller what's called micro
pieces of content
so from that one video podcast interview
whatever you decide to do you can
probably create
maybe three four five blogs just by
breaking that content bit by bit
um you'll be able to produce maybe a a
pdf
maybe a powerpoint flick through
document that has some of the key bullet
points
maybe you can create a press release of
it maybe an article
you can certainly create infographics
with some of the key bullet points that
were discussed
during the video or the long form
content um
and then just do that for each each
problem for each question that your
customers bring
bring up to you and that's probably
going to give you several months worth
of content at the start
um and then by that time you'll probably
have more inspiration
and more ideas and maybe you can start
talking to new customers start talking
to your internal team
because the good thing about doing that
is that you know that there's intent for
it
because your customers are asking these
questions consistently
you know that they're searching for it
and they're probably not just asking you
on the phone or email
there's probably other people in their
shoes that are typing this copy
and have similar questions